more than 8,000 students from 46 states
and 38 countries have found more than a
university at Coastal Carolina they
found a home their growing confidence is
the hallmark of this place of premier
education in a perfect location we are
located in a mouse from the resort town
of Myrtle Beach but we're far enough
away where it's not really interference
but we're close enough to take advantage
of coastal definitely has unique energy
to it we have students from all over the
world over the country all over the
southeast so they all are bringing
different perspectives in front of use
just everything from table I'm from the
south so the southern hospitality is
still here still embedded in me and I
share it with everyone I come in contact
with and it's giving back to me
reciprocating Coastal Carolina students
choose from 39 major fields of study
including nationally recognized programs
in marine science professional golf
management and Resort tourism on the
graduate level the university offers an
MBA program as well as master's degree
programs in education and coastal marine
and wetland studies Coastal Carolina
students compete with the nation's elite
universities when it comes to
internships with companies such as
rolls-royce Citicorp and Pebble Beach
Resort our students conduct research
with faculty on wadies Island over 1,000
acres of a pristine barrier island on
the Atlantic coast that is a natural
laboratory for extensive study in marine
science and wetlands biology Coastal
Carolina faculty hold degrees from the
nation's top universities and bring a
wealth of experience to the classroom
where it matters the most the academic
program here at Coastal I think is one
of the best in the country for me for
being a science major we have
opportunities to do hands-on research
that other students at other
universities can't do as a Spanish major
I was able to study abroad in Madrid it
was a wonderful experience I lived in
the middle of Madrid I walk to school
every day for my host family's apartment
the university strong academics vibrant
campus life and affordability create the
perfect environment for success in the
classroom and in the world there is
there just a very positive active
community here once students to get
involved who wants to enjoy college who
wants to reject coastal Coastal Carolina
offers a nationally competitive NCAA
Division one athletic program that
includes one double a football
supporting Chanticleer athletics has
become a mainstay of the Coastal
Carolina experience coastal athletics
have really changed the campus
tremendously students really can really
get that vibe from students whether it's
painting our chests or going out and
doing our chance we just really love to
support our athletic teams Coastal
Carolina University premiere education
perfect location